Hey there it's Bruno here.
This is absolutely fantastic.
I've reported some of your findings to our CEO and we're very confident that we're going to be able
to scale this company and manage all the users that we're going to have as we grow and grow more.
Really appreciate you're doing fantastic work.
Hey take a break.
I'll see you tomorrow.
All right.
We have just completed our entire picture of how to optimize performance.
I want you to use this slide as a reference any time you're asked or you're looking to improve performance
on your application.
Look at this and see where you will have the biggest impact.
Start with the easiest when like minimizing files or using it and then move on to more complicated tasks
like figuring out the best way to improve your critical rendering path to even load balancing.
And I hope you have fun up to this point because you see you've learned how to make projects and applications
better.
You learned about re-act him redux how these Front-End libraries make making fast scalable Front-End
applications work really well.
We also learned about securing our applications whether we should use Kline's side rendering or server
side rendering.
We obviously learned about performance type checking and how to write unit tests all things that make
us better software developers things that improve software and that make our bosses clients customers
happy.
And we've also learned how to handle the entire architecture of an app for example with our smart brain
app.
We're able to create a single page application using react.
We served a shemale CSSA and javascript files.
We used Ada Publius lambda to do some tasks run simple functions for us through Amazon's servers.
We used a node API server using Express to talk to clarify API and get the response of our images.
We use postscripts to manage our database of users and log in information.
We also used Pretis for fast memory storage to manage our sessions and make sure that we have protected
routes so that only authenticated users can access private information.
We learned how to add docker containers to the entire system to make life simpler for us and we even
learned how to S-sh into these services so we can debug them and check out their logs.
And now you have a better picture of how you might want to scale or improve our apps as they grow and
grow to millions of users.
We can add whatever functions that are expensive or we don't want to bother in our server to something
like slamdunk having a service architecture where we run these functions in containers on Amazon whenever
they need it.
If we have something that's seasonal that has high peaks.
Well Amazon's going to take care of it for us.
We can use something like load balancing to have multiple API servers to manage all the requests that
users my half.
We can run these servers in Dakar containers so we can just deploy them and replicate them in any hosted
machine.
We can improve our databases by perhaps having cached information and read us or perhaps even duplicating
databases so we have more power.
And then we also have arrests and how we can once again create multiple rattus instances to manage our
data store our session information or perhaps even store some cached information from databases.
And if you look at this diagram and it makes sense to you and you see how bits and pieces can be improved
upon and added upon as are your application grow.
Congratulations.
That is something truly what a senior developer does.
Figuring out the flow the architecture of a system and seeing how we can improve it.
If you're able to do this then people can trust you to grow their application to manage scale and to
handle project growth.
But here's the thing.
There's one last piece that we need to add to complete our knowledge.
We've learned all the basics all the steps that we need to become senior developers and the modern technologies
that senior developers to use.
But to make this process go to create this entire system to make sure that we're able to send this to
production live.
We need something called continuous integration continuous delivery and continuous deployment.
Something we're going to learn about in the next section to finally connect everything and complete
our entire picture of a senior developer in the modern age.
I'll see in the next section.